h1. Bundled Plugins

* "Ack":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2572 - type :Ack [search pattern] to search your entire project
* "bufexplorer":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=42 - manage your file buffers
* "CtrlP":https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim - replaces CommandT as a better fuzzy finder
* "cucumber":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2973 - support for cucumber features such as syntax highlight, indentation, etc
* "endwise":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2386 - support to close Ruby blocks such as 'if', 'do' with 'end'
* "fugitive":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975 - support for Git, adding convenient commands such as :Gstatus, :Gread, :Gmove
* "haml":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1773 - syntax highlight for HAML
* "html5.vim":https://github.com/othree/html5.vim - omnicomplete function and syntax for HTML5
* "markdown":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1242 - syntax highlight for Markdown
* "NERD_commenter":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1218 - support to comment lines of code
* "NERD_tree":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658 - project pane that you can open with [leader] p
* "ragtag":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1896 - easier way to create tags for html, erb, etc
* "rails":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567 - lot's of tools to make it easier to manage your Rails projects
* "snipmate":https://github.com/akitaonrails/snipmate.vim - support for textmate-like snippets for several languages
* "supertab":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643 - pseudo auto-complete with tab
* "surround":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1697 - add, change, remove surrounding parentheses, brackets, quotes, etc
* "syntastic":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2736 - checks for syntax errors in many languages
* "tagbar":http://majutsushi.github.io/tagbar/ - a class outline viewer for Vim
* "textile":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2305 - syntax highlight for Textile
* "vim-bundler":https://github.com/tpope/vim-bundler - Bundler support for Vim
* "vim-buffergator":https://github.com/jeetsukumaran/vim-buffergator - Vim plugin to list, select and switch between buffers.
* "vim-coffee-script":https://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script - syntax highlight for Coffee Script
* "vim-easymotion":https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-easymotion - Vim motions on speed!
* "vim-gist":https://github.com/mattn/gist-vim - vimscript for gist
* "vim-easytags":https://github.com/xolox/vim-easytags - Automated tag file generation and syntax highlighting of tags in Vim
* "vim-jquery":https://github.com/itspriddle/vim-jquery - Vim syntax file to add some colorations for jQuery keywords and css selectors
* "vim-misc":https://github.com/xolox/vim-misc - Required by vim-easytags
* "vim-preview":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3344 - [leader] P previews Markdown, Rdoc, Textile, html. Requires Ruby and other gems.
* "vim-ruby":https://github.com/vim-ruby/vim-ruby/wiki - syntax highlight, smart identation, auto-complete for Ruby
* "vim-textobj-rubyblock":http://vimcasts.org/blog/2010/12/a-text-object-for-ruby-blocks/ - smart block selection in Ruby code
* "vim-vroom":https://github.com/skalnik/vim-vroom - A vim plugin for running your Ruby tests
* "vividchalk":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1891 - color scheme inspired by the classic Vibrant for Textmate
* "ZoomWin":https://github.com/vim-scripts/ZoomWin - Zoom in/out of windows (toggle between one window and multi-window)
* "webapi-vim":https://github.com/mattn/webapi-vim" - vim interface to Web API

h1. Usage

FILL THIS OUT

h2. Help Tags

At first usage of vim, type ":" while in command mode and execute:

  call pathogen#helptags()

This will make the plugins documentations available upon :help

h2. Dependencies

You will need these dependencies figured out:

* Ruby (for the Command-T plugin)
* Exuberant Ctags (http://ctags.sourceforge.net/)
* Ncurses-term (in Linux only)

<pre><code>
brew install ctags
</code></pre>
